whats up youtube I read the developer
insight on my player into k-12 and
thought i'd share my thoughts on it with
you include some of the pictures i'll
post a link in the description what you
see there is a GM interviewing you after
your first and only game that is called
the rookie showcase its at Madison
Square Garden and you can see the stats
there for the player that they came up
with Ronnie sing I believe he's a
developer or something for 2k anyway
that rookie showcase determines part of
your draft order as well as how you
answer a few questions from some select
GM's they are player and team specific
so that's going to be really cool I'm
stoked on that you might have some
character to concerns you might get
dropped down in the draft it affects
your position based on how you play and
how you answer with the GMS so if you're
a point guard on the Bulls and they
asked you to come off the bench and you
say no chances all the Bulls aren't
going to draft you may cite some
character concerns for that now you can
see the picture of the draft there that
is David Stern and David Stern's voice
will be in the game for the first round
Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver will be
in the game in the second round once you
get drafted you can see a couple
interesting things in that picture 1280
skill points and your guy starts out at
a 62 overall the my purchases screen is
going to be very interesting and you can
do contract negotiations that's pending
you get paid every 14 days you get a
check and you can spend that on a bunch
of things hopefully you make your way
into the Hall of Fame that's going to be
the goal this year which is really
interesting you can customize your
speech you can do all sorts of stuff
getting back to the checks thing real
quick you can adjust your attribute caps
and spend on skill points animations in
clinics which is very interesting being
able to customize your player even more
something that is awesome speaking of
customization in the Hall of Fame you
can customize your Hall of Fame speech
should you end up there more milestones
and things like that happening going to
be very interesting to see more about
that hey look he's on a billboard that's
interesting I don't know if there's many
of those in Minnesota even though the
Wolves just hired a coach but hey you
know we're looking at being able to
upgrade things be the next great thing
that's really cool there are five times
as many endorsements in the game as
there
were in 2k11 so I'm pretty stoked on
that you can actually choose to play
only the key games or skip to your next
key game which is going to be kind of
cool kind of weird don't know how that's
going to work out other than that since
you can get to the whole thing obviously
have to play a lot of seasons somebody
crazy is going to play like 17 seasons
legit but I imagine that will be not me
and you know maybe we'll end up with
some people that are 99 s right away or
something like that I don't know but
we'll get more to the skill points and
the animations and stuff like that later
you can see you make the cover a diet
magazine do all sorts of stuff there in
addition to that you have amazing
happening part of how you make amazing
happen is your player abilities now
there are skill abilities within your
regular skill points so you can become
proficient in individual moves like a
crossover and in and out of spin move
stuff like that in other words you kind
of get to develop a go-to move which I
find really interesting and really cool
I sort of had a go-to move if you've
seen the my player videos and so did
bill called cross spin it was a
signature gather maybe this year you can
just up your cross spin attribute there
you see the skill points right there
they are expensive pause the video take
a look that's almost 17,000 skill points
you're looking at to upgrade that but to
compensate for that you will see more
about that in a little bit but to
compensate for that they've actually up
to your number of milestones more on
that in a little bit now we are looking
at the next slide here in just a second
I am going to try and develop a cross
spin go to move or something like that
looking at these but we'll see you have
dynamic goals this is this reminded me
right of way of MLB 2k10 I have a video
up on the channel of that it is
situational so if you miss your first
two shots in a game you might be able to
come up with a dynamic goal that says
hey make your next two shots in other
words get your crap together I find that
really cool I think it'll make things
more exciting you know maybe your guy
scores on you and you need to shut him
down the next play as a dynamic goal
stuff like that so that's really cool
I think that's much needed and will
spice things up so really cool to see
that new drills for the game as well
they're more realistic there's games
like knock out 21 i think maybe just
knock out but either way the shooting
drill will return so that's all I really
care about their they make them sound
cool though we'll see how they work out
now we move on to the press conference
this is one of my favorite things there
are four times as many questions and
four and more specific questions and
answers in the press conferences that's
going to be awesome you better be
talking about practice this time instead
of answering with arrogance
professionalism stuff like that as you
can see you get a shorter version of the
longer answer that you will make so it
is sort of still professional as
American stuff like that but you know
you're encouraged to be honesty you know
to be honest I should say and I find
that really interesting and they've
tripled the number of milestones in a
game in order to compensate for things
like those skill points costing so much
you know for your abilities and stuff
like that you can see here is the player
buzz screen you're checking out your
teammate chemistry league wide
popularity and local fan support which i
think was much needed last year it's
good that they listened on that and you
can see which ways your trending so if
you're making the fans mad making your
teammates matter whatever it won't suck
as much so I'm real excited about the
game just really stoked to see this
thing usually I don't get too excited
about a game before it comes out and
especially 2k but I'm excited for this
one last thing I want to know what
players should I keep from 2k 11 and
2k12 hit me in the comments hope you
enjoy the video thanks guys